README.md, before:

# Introduction 
The Anomaly-Service offers a REST API to perform the CRUD operation on the Anomaly-Storage.
It also manages the upload of files to the File-Storage.
The basics operations are CRUD for Anomalies and CRUD for Reports.

Functionality	Interface		
Create Anomaly	       POST /anomalies	
Update Anomaly	       PUT /anomalies/{anomalyId}	
Delete Anomaly	       DELETE /anomalies/{anomalyId}	
Get Anomaly	           GET /anomalies/{anomalyId}	
Get Anomaly List	   GET /anomalies/	
Create Report	       POST /reports	
Update Report	       PUT /reports/{reportId}	
Delete Report	       DELETE /reports/{reportId}	
Get Report	           GET /reports/{id}	
Get Report List	       GET /anomalies/{anomalyId} /reports/	



#Env variable
- MYSQL_CONNECTION_STRING
- AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING
- AZURE_CONTAINER_NAME
- RABBITMQ_HOSTNAME
- RABBITMQ_USERNAME
- RABBITMQ_PASSWORD
- RABBITMQ_EXCHANGE_NAME

# Getting Started

Installation process

checkout the repository
open the project in Visual Studio
update the NuGet packages
update the azure storage connection string anf the container name in the appsettings

Commit message:

Update readme with database migration information

README.md, after:

# Introduction 
The Anomaly-Service offers a REST API to perform the CRUD operation on the Anomaly-Storage.
It also manages the upload of files to the File-Storage.
The basics operations are CRUD for Anomalies and CRUD for Reports.

Functionality	Interface		
Create Anomaly	       POST /anomalies	
Update Anomaly	       PUT /anomalies/{anomalyId}	
Delete Anomaly	       DELETE /anomalies/{anomalyId}	
Get Anomaly	           GET /anomalies/{anomalyId}	
Get Anomaly List	   GET /anomalies/	
Create Report	       POST /reports	
Update Report	       PUT /reports/{reportId}	
Delete Report	       DELETE /reports/{reportId}	
Get Report	           GET /reports/{id}	
Get Report List	       GET /anomalies/{anomalyId} /reports/	



#Env variable
- MYSQL_CONNECTION_STRING
- AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING
- AZURE_CONTAINER_NAME
- RABBITMQ_HOSTNAME
- RABBITMQ_USERNAME
- RABBITMQ_PASSWORD
- RABBITMQ_EXCHANGE_NAME

# Getting Started


## Setting up the database
Update the database, create table with entity framework

For now this process is done manually by :
- changing the appsettings.json connection string to the right database's url to update
- execute the command
```bash
dotnet ef database update
```

## Service intallation

Installation process

checkout the repository
open the project in Visual Studio
update the NuGet packages
update the azure storage connection string anf the container name in the appsettings
